I am experiencing an issue where my YouTube downloader works fine on the development server, but on the production server, it downloads a .htm file instead of the expected .mp4 file. The download likely returns an HTML error page (such as a 403 Forbidden) instead of the video file.

Please do the following:
Check for Server Configuration Differences:

Verify that the production server has the same configuration as the development server, especially related to cookies, user-agent strings, and geo-bypass settings.

Ensure that there are no network restrictions (e.g., firewalls, rate-limiting, or geo-blocking) affecting the download process on the production server.

Ensure Consistent Dependencies:

Compare the versions of yt-dlp and other dependencies between the development and production servers.

If the versions differ, make sure to update the production server to match the development environment:

bash
Copy
Edit
pip install --upgrade yt-dlp
Handle Network or Region Issues:

Ensure that the downloader script is configured with the --geo-bypass flag in case of geo-restrictions.

Verify that the server's IP is not blocked by YouTube.

Check Cookies and Headers:

Make sure that any necessary cookies (e.g., from cookies.txt) and headers (e.g., User-Agent) are being correctly passed during the request.

Ensure the cookies file on the production server is valid and not expired.

Review Caching and Proxy Configurations:

If the production server uses caching (e.g., Nginx or a reverse proxy like Cloudflare), ensure that the request is not being cached incorrectly and serving an HTML error page.

Disable caching for the video download process or ensure proper cache invalidation.

Verify Redirect Handling:

Ensure that the downloader script is following all necessary HTTP redirects from YouTube to the actual video file.

If using yt-dlp, this should be handled automatically, but verify the redirect chain in production.

Additional Debugging:
Review both development and production server logs for differences in how the request is handled.

Try manually fetching the URL using curl or wget on the production server to see if the server is receiving a valid response or an error page.

Run the yt-dlp command directly on the production server to verify if the issue is with the server setup or the script itself.

Let me know what you find and if any specific errors need further investigation.